You would have encountered some of the material in this set of slides
in your earlier units. There is more new material.

You must complete topics 1, 2, 3 and 4 before starting on this Topic.

Any lack of preparation in the early stages is going to cause you
severe problems in the later parts of the unit/module.

Exercise 5 of Lab 5 needs to be submitted to access the assignment specifications. Exercise 5 is part of, and is reused in the assignment.

Step 1: 
Read the textbook chapters - In a number of cases, you are being 
asked to read a particular chapter more than once because they are 
important. If you have already understood the chapter, you can skip.

o   Chapter on Classes and Data Abstractions

o   Chapter on Pointers, Classes, Virtual Functions, Abstract classes, and Lists

o   Chapter on Overloading and Templates

o   Chapter on Inheritance and Composition

o   Chapter on User-Defined simple data types, Namespaces and the string Type

Step 2:
For Topic 5, review Bucky's tutorials https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAE85DE8440AA6B83
In particular, review 35, 39, 40, 41 - 48. 

Use codeblocks and do the tutorials instead of just watching the video.

In a number of cases, you are being asked to view and do the tutorial 
more than once. If you have already understood, you can skip the 
particular video tutorial.

Note that things are getting a little complicated. So if you have 
skipped any work from before, go back and complete.


Step 3:
Go through the 3 powerpoint files in Content for topic 5.

Do the Law of Demeter exercise shown in the file Lec-15.ppt.
Examine your solution to Lab 4. Was this law kept or violated?


Step 4:
Complete the exercises from LabExcTopic05 in the Practical Folder.

This lab exercise is part of assignment 1. You must complete all 
tasks in this lab exercise. If you don't follow this advice and 
believe you can take short cuts, you will have problems with both 
assignment 1 and 2.

Exercises 1 and 5 in the labsheet are directly relevant (as in the 
actual C++ code) to the assignment. In exc. 1, you create and test 
the primary data structure (Vector) of assignment 1. In exc. 5, you 
read the data file required for assignment 1 and keep the data in the 
Vector. Not doing either of these exercises for this lab would cause 
significant issues with the assignment. You need to get both these
exercises right before you can do the next part of the assignment.

Be mindful of the advice given in the lab document.

Exercise 5 needs to be completed and submitted to access the assignment.

-------------

Once you have completed the above, you are ready for the next topic.
Lab 6 is the assignment.

If you have not understood something, make note of it to discuss 
during the workshop/lab where you meet the lecturer/tutor. It is also 
a good idea to discuss during the PASS sessions.